Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now this lecture, we are going to create the bottom navigation bar so that users are going to be able
to easily navigate with ten pages.
Okay.
Now let's do this.
First of all, I will go back to our visa code.
Then I'm going to go to the bottom nav bar.
Fine.
This is it.
Okay, first of all, I'm going to get rid of this buddy for now.
Okay.
Noble, creative.
What's it about?
Right.
So in Flutter there is something known as bottom navigation bar.
So that's a capital letter.
Okay, as well.
You're going to say bottom which capital B now but.
But, um.
Navigation bar.
Okay.
See, we have this red.
Now it is because it wants us to pass those items.
Okay.
Now, for the items, you're going to say we want what is known as bottom.
Navigation bar, I-10.
Okay.
Now for the icons and for the pages, we need already have some icons here.
So I don't forget.
Forget.
Now, the first page we need is the whole page.
Right.
Okay.
So this is going to be.
I called.
We did.
Right.
So this is going to be I cause dot home, right?
Okay.
Now you can give a comma, then you can give it size to the icon or the techy.
Or if he's too big, you can reduce it or it will have more to it.
Okay.
Now as well, they're going to add in the test sets.
And so we just need to add a comma.
So we're going to see a.
Home.
Right.
Okay.
Make sure you don't see it for now because this is it.
So it is at least a little bit more than one.
But pages is that.
It is bit than one, but by by.
So if you're going to save now, you're going to get an error.
Like I said, I'm going to do it again.
But.
Navigation bar.
Item.
I think we need to have a truly committed.
Okay, great.
Now for the next icon, it's going to be for the fields.
Okay.
So this is going to be I call the widgets.
And it's going to be a cause.
I cause the words that are as it's okay.
Great.
Now, I was going to give this size to this icon of public.
Like I said, you don't really need to follow exactly what I'm doing because it will give your own style.
Right.
So you can give a call to that icon if you like.
Same color.
Okay.
Now we're going to give a little bit.
So this is the icon.
I call Wichita State.
And here they're going to say, comma, it's going to be live there.
Then they're going to use.
Right.
Okay.
I'll get you in a coma.
But I'm just gonna do this one last time.
That a little.
The rest.
I'm doing this again for the sake of restraint.
If I can just show the copies of the icon we did, I.
Cause I think I just have to check over in this case, which is going to cause dosage.
As well.
They're going to give this size.
20.
Right?
I think.
We need this.
Yes.
I need this.
Okay, then they're going to give you a liver.
Of search.
Right.
Okay.
Now I can simply copy this, I think, over the needing five page.
Though, you're going to see this in action very soon.
Okay.
So let's think this is one, 2 to 4.
I need another and another.
Okay.
Now you're going to change this after the search.
The next icon really, really needs to.
Shopping bag.
I closed the shopping bag.
Okay.
I think that is the Carter Page.
So there's going to be a cause that champagne.
Champagne.
Okay.
So this is going to be the cuts page that cuts.
Can I just describe what?
It's a little shiatsu.
That's just okay.
Now for the.
I think this is going to be the last pages, the upload.
Upload stage.
Because that's okay.
So.
Okay.
Yes, it should be.
I think the person the property should be the last page to.
This should be a.
I cause that upload.
If we have any icons that go to.
Okay.
Upload.
Okay, great.
Now for this is going to be icons that the person.
Right.
Okay.
So this is going to be.
Upload.
So.
Jesus, I think I just have this.
You're serious?
Okay, look.
Upload.
Then the last is going to be.
Person, right?
And yes, he is evidently Duchess of Windsor.
She outsiders.
You can try this to save.
I take the kids.
You can see this head of all.
Probably because it is why I tried what you can do.
We can give a call to this or we're just going to break this down.
Then you're going to see background color.
Background color.
That is the black.
Hopefully we can see this now.
Okay.
I think it is not.
You should be here.
That is the what's on the vacation item.
Okay.
Which is good.
Check it out now.
Okay, great.
Looking beautiful.
So the bottom navigation bar.
So it is and this but some of it's not this important I guess I just say we want to change the background
of all the item.
So now we're going to get rid of.
This.
So don't give us so much code that does not.
Okay.
So it is basically it's.
Right.
Okay.
So this is the upload.
This is the profile.
The.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next.